of pounds that we eat did not want the
Signs
ladies and gentlemen of joy let's see
the champion of 2009 defends the title
let's see what the jury says
Ladies and gentlemen are served
they chose to get more but let's go
[Music]
yes
but little more
and I see myself like that
[Music]
you have to protect your skin as textual I
I know how to cairo
I'm already in the Peter Schubert mine
celebrate this other level and touch not
can see more my face which I want
easy if they have the thing of yours
nobody knows how to do it
despite the fact that now
I know pp
[Music]
It's so fun
or not
[Music]
free
but not
[Music]
or not
or
delay
silvina squire with this kiss
[Music]
now silvina
by gods of pinedo
[Music]
sinners
for silvina let's see what the
jury
[Music]